# Introduction

This is an autogenerated agent that uses AI reflection techniques to ask questions about California insurance law. 

It was developed because a lawyer friend entered insurance law and found that researching questions such as 'How much time does an insurance company have to accept or deny an insurance claim in California?' required research due to statutes, updates.

# Concept of **Reflection** in AI agentic workflows.

**Reflection** is a powerful design pattern that enhances the performance of AI systems, particularly Large Language Models (LLMs), by encouraging self-improvement. Instead of having an LLM generate its final output directly, an agentic workflow prompts the LLM multiple times, allowing it to build step-by-step toward higher-quality output¹.

Here's how Reflection works:

1. **Initial Output Generation**: Suppose we prompt an LLM to write code for a specific task (let's call it "Task X"). The LLM generates code directly to carry out Task X.

2. **Self-Critique and Improvement**: Next, we prompt the LLM to reflect on its own output. For example:
   - "Here’s code intended for Task X: [previously generated code]."
   - "Check the code carefully for correctness, style, and efficiency, and give constructive criticism for how to improve it."

3. **Iterative Process**: By automating this self-critique step, the LLM can spot problems and come up with constructive suggestions. We can then prompt the LLM with context, including the previously generated code and the constructive feedback, and ask it to use the feedback to rewrite the code. Repeating this process can lead to better responses.

4. **Beyond Self-Reflection**: We can go beyond self-reflection by giving the LLM additional tools to evaluate its output. For instance:
   - Running generated code through unit tests to check correctness.
   - Searching the web to double-check text output.

5. **Multi-Agent Framework**: Implementing Reflection using a multi-agent framework can be helpful. Create two different agents—one to generate good outputs and the other to provide constructive criticism of the first agent's output. The resulting discussion between the two agents leads to improved responses.

Reflection isn't just limited to code generation; it can enhance LLM performance across various tasks, including writing text and answering questions. I encourage you to explore this design pattern in your own work¹.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository

2. Create a virtual environment (optional but recommended):

3. Set an enviromental key called OPENAI_API_KEY

4. Install project dependencies:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage

1. Run Jupyter Notebook:
    ```bash
    jupyter notebook
    ```

2. Open the `.ipynb` file in the Jupyter Notebook interface.
# agentspoc
